Remove Inf1 support (#1054)
huggingface/optimum-neuron: docs/source/ec2-setup.mdx

By default, all quotas are 0 for Inferentia and Trainium. There is no charge for increased quotas. There are separate quotas for Inferentia and Trainium, and separate quotas for spot and on-demand. Quotas refer to the maximum TOTAL number of vCPUs assigned to each instance type.

> For example, a quota of 192 will let you run a single inf2.48xlarge, two inf2.24xlarges, six inf2.8xlarges, or forty-eight of the inf2.xlarges. Similarly for Trainium, a quota of 128 will let you run a single trn1n.32xlarge or trn1.32xlarge, but it will also let you run sixteen trn1.2xlarge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a quota of 192 will let you run a single inf2.48xlarge, two inf2.24xlarge, six inf2.8xlarge, or forty-eight of the inf2.xlarge. Similarly for Trainium, a quota of 128 will let you run a single trn1n.32xlarge or trn1.32xlarge, but it will also let you run sixteen trn1.2xlarge.
```
